**Steps to perform**
1. Download the files (main.tf, variables.tf and var.tfvars) to the server where terraform is installed.

2. Update var.tfvars file with required parameters for script to run.
3. Go to the path where main.tf file is present using following command.
> cd <path-to-main.tf>.
4. Execute following terraform commands step by step
    * **terraform init -var-file="var.tfvars"** - This command performs several different initialization steps in order to prepare a working directory for use.
    * **terraform plan -var-file="var.tfvars"** - This command is used to create an execution plan. 
    * **terraform apply -var-file="var.tfvars"** - This command is used to apply the changes required to reach the desired state of the configuration, or the pre-determined set of actions generated by a terraform plan execution plan.
5. Please login to your server using server IP, Username and Password you have provided in **var.tfvars**
6. 3 VMs will be created
    1. WWIApp (Windows Server 2016) - Hosting Wide World Importers e-Commerce application on IIS
    2. WWIDatabase (Windows Server 2016) - Hosting SQL 2017 with WWI database containing Sales data
    3. WWILegacyDatabase (Windows Server 2008 R2) - Hosting SQL 2008 R2 with WWICampaign database containing Campaign data
7. Log in to WWIApp Virtual Machine, open File Explorer and go to **C:/inetpub/wwroot** open **config.json** file and replace it's contents with the connection string provided below: 

{
  "ConnectionStrings": {
    "DefaultConnectionString": "Data Source=IP of WWIDatabase VM; Initial Catalog=WWI;User ID=sa;Password=MSAzure#123; Integrated Security=False; MultipleActiveResultSets=True;"
  }
}

Configure IP of WWIDatabase virtual machine in place of **IP of WWIDatabase VM** and restart the IIS service.

Source infrastructure is ready to use!