**Steps to perform**
1. Download the .tf file (main.tf and variables.tf) to the server where terraform is installed.

2. Update variables.tf file with require parameters for script to run.

    1. For Wide World Importers e-Commerce Sales database, set **script_file_path** as **"../../installer-scripts/wwi-db-sql2017-installation.ps1"** and **vsphere_template** value to the Windows Server 2016 template you created.
    2. For Wide World Importers e-Commerce Website, set **script_file_path** as **"../../installer-scripts/wwi-app.ps1"** and **vsphere_template** value to the Windows Server 2016 template you created.
    3. For Wide World Importers legacy database, set **script_file_path** as **"../../installer-scripts/wwi-db-sql2008R2-installation.ps1"** and **vsphere_template** value to the Windows 2008 R2 template you created.

3. Go to the path where main.tf file is present using following command.
> cd <path-to-main.tf>.
4. Execute following terraform commands step by step
    * **terraform init** - This command performs several different initialization steps in order to prepare a working directory for use.
    * **terraform plan** - This command is used to create an execution plan. 
    * **terraform apply** - This command is used to apply the changes required to reach the desired state of the configuration, or the pre-determined set of actions generated by a terraform plan execution plan.
5. Please login to your server using server IP, Username and Password you have provided in **variables.tf**
6. After logging in perform the following steps for further installation:
    1.  For Wide World Importers e-Commerce Sales database, copy 2 files from installer-scripts folder to the logged in VM.  
        i) wwi-sql-sales-schema-creation.ps1  
        ii) wwi-sales-db.sql        
        Open PowerShell and run wwi-sql-sales-schema-creation.ps1, this will create the required Sales database.  
        Start SQL server Configuration manager.  
        Navigate to **SQL Server Configuration Manager** > **SQL Server Network Configuration** > **Protocols for MSSQLSERVER**.  
        Double-click TCP/IP. The TCP/IP Properties screen appears.
        For **Enabled** tab, select **Yes**. Then click **OK**.  
        Restart the MSSQL server.
        The database is ready to connect to the application.
        > Default password for user **sa** is set to **MSAzure#123**
    2. For Wide World Importers e-Commerce Website, copy wwi-build-app.ps1 from installer-scripts to the logged in VM.  
        Go to "C:/inetpub/wwroot" and open config.json file, replace SQL server details with your SQL server details.
        Restart the wwi-app website from IIS console.
        You can browse the website at localhost.
    3. For Wide World Importers legacy database, copy 2 files from installer-scripts folder to the logged in VM.  
        i) wwi-campaign.ps1      
        ii) wwi-campaign-schema.sql      
        Run the setup.exe file located at "C:\Users\Administrator" and perform the SQL 2008 R2 installation.   
        Navigate to **SQL Server Configuration Manager** > **SQL Server Network Configuration** > **Protocols for MSSQLSERVER**.  
        Double-click TCP/IP. The TCP/IP Properties screen appears.
        For **Enabled** tab, select **Yes**. Then click **OK**.   
        Open PowerShell and run wwi-campaign.ps1, this will create the required Campaign database and tables. 
        Start SQL server Configuration manager.          
        The database is ready to connect to the application.
        > Default password for user **sa** is set to **MSAzure#123**
